Update guide (#294)
darwinia-network/darwinia-docs: docs/sdk/guides/04-dispatch-remote-substrate-call.md

## Prepare your cross-chain endpoint

We need one endpoint here. We can download it here.

> Download [PangoroToPangolinEndpoint.sol](https://github.com/darwinia-network/darwinia-s2s-template/blob/main/contracts/PangoroToPangolinEndpoint.sol) for Pangoro.  Deploy it on the Pangoro Smart Chain. The `remoteDispatch` will be used in the next step.

Reviewer: Why not provide a wget download command here?

Author: right

## Run

1. You can get a estimated market fee by calling [the `fee` function](../api-reference#fee) of the endpoint contract.
2. Call the `remoteRemark(_remark)`.

   * The param `_remark` is the content you want to remark.  

>    * The value input should be set to a market fee >= the estimated market fee. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The value input should be set to a market fee(Get in the first step). 
```

Author: fee > estimated market fee is allowed.
